hello I'm nina müller her 94 3 rs2
service reporter from today I do
the etsch let me on my
make a good figure holiday and you
are there every day reported to them in
the next two weeks of all
progress and experiences and because
I fast and healthy a few kilos
I want to lose weight for the anna
pohl de products from switzerland
decided
he is a little one every hour
fitting meal or drinking a shake
and still has all the important nutri-
and both substances that you need
just got my package has arrived, there were
I ordered from all natural products
whatever I could taste like that
another a chocolate sheikh an orange
must have and for the hearty clock
I get tomatoes to crisis like mine
with my fitting diet and more
Of course you will also find infos again
online under he is two de hi me
am ina müller 94 3 rs2 service
reporter
I tell them precisely daily from
My mum's diet was on sale
nothing has been done on the scales yet
but I already have quite a lot of the
Products tasted at this diet
yes, once a hour and me
could already tried a lot
The potato soup does not taste good
as with grandma but as anyway
delicious and the earthquake is too
all right
The best thing is, that is actually
every hour these great chocolate biscuits
eat could therefore come eat with the
I'm fine
just drink some coffee
Problem four liters of water or
Unsweetened tea is recommended as must
I strained my already friendly
By the way, h4 is allowed to luck though
in Switzerland and in moderation as
go on and more info on my am
Of course you will also find battery diet
again that he is two de hello here
is back her 94 3 rs2 service
reporter nina müller the first
Milestone on the way to the stone figure
is done 500 mhz less has mine
balance displayed this morning
I currently think the AMA bio products
from switzerland and tell everyone
day of what I love so much
I'm really looking forward to both of them
about that I have lost weight and
that I'm not at this diet
I need to purchase have indeed
everything I can eat right now
fridge
that is totally comfortable and I come in
no sweets departments
Temptation at work I am
with my battery stocks best
supplied and does not bring me a baker
rolls for breakfast or almost in
the lunch break
Today is also the first time sport
my movement is working on it
action summer body sure still much
better as it was
I tell him murder all the information too
Hello again, I am only two
here muller her 94 3 rs2 service
reporter
i'm just trying out the fitting diet
and I can proudly report that to me
after four days anyway already one kilo
this experience of success can be easier
I also use well because I have
a good muscle cat from the sport
Yesterday after the drive gave me the
website given by amador
the importation around experience reports and
tips from people who have this idea
have tried or just in the
diets are here I am also on prescription
Ideas encountered all with the
let implement amateur products if
I use my chocolate shape for example
hot water a release is how
a hot chocolate and the
tomato soup is also great with
spice up fresh herbs and tabasco
I had not thought of that yet
more information and how it goes on with
of course they read my art too
times
he is two de is back ina
Müller's 403 first service reporter
i am an old man on the best way
to the beach figure with the amateur diet
more intense every day like me doing it
now is the weekend and
I'm afraid that I would be strict
diet hours small can not comply
Everything really works
great but what if I am tomorrow and
the day after tomorrow for the family shopping and
I wanted to cook five of my diet on the day
I have lost almost two kilos
my jeans sits a bit looser and
my colleagues tell me that
somehow that gives me that
hopefully power on the weekend too
survive
And instead of Sunday cake there is
just some of the chocolate biscuits
determined also taste of the rest
family and if you want more about my
progress and learn the most update
Just click on there
it's two de hi I'm nina müller
her 94 3 rs2 service reporter on the
away to the beach figure
since exactly one week I test to the
ama polit and i have good news
the weekend was long and something for yourself
but I have already lost three kilos
it probably easier
to resist delicacies which
but my family has given so much
did it and quite to the end
persevered
Incidentally, my motivation motivates me the most
good conscience i know that i am me
currently considered and balanced
feed
in my mum for building system is
everything in it what my body so
needs vitamins enough
fiber and all the important ones
minerals
I just feel good about it
what my scales said to me tomorrow and
how it goes with my pharmacy
read and listen to rs2 de
hello I'm niedermüller her 94 32
service reporter I the idea yes
straight and try with the swiss
diet products full battery up to the holidays
to lose from the few kilos
today on day 9 of my diet are already
almost four kilos down and I have mine
initial skepticism about this
completely lost diet
I could never have imagined
that I do not even hear from shaikhs
Bark and biscuits feed on it
I eat just to defend the
expected success lay with and persisted
I feel very comfortable doing that
Theory is completely clear
i absorb fewer calories than it does
Consumption and I move more than
For diet, I have sports
It's time to go to work today
in the swimmingpool
if I turn it on now
progress diana politics curiosity
did we see but
just online on only two de
hello I am nina müller her 402th
Service reporter on diet since ten
days already testing the products of
Arthur and I have over four kilos
taken a quick look into my
rotating schedule
I have to eat something to an hour where
at noon brd muesli loyal but he has pro
different varieties such as
chocolate or oranges at midday and
evening I rather like hearty
things there is the choice but really
There is cheese cracker asparagus soup
and much more
and in between I drink a check
All abo meals are also whole
easy to prepare for cooking muffle
can do that
That's why I sinned
there were flashes for the family and the
has so delicious with air from today
but I iron again and stop me
the place now continues with mine
pharmacy under all info if you
Of course, again on only 2d
back in their 94 3 rs2 service
reporter
For two weeks I have him daily
from the highs and lows of my de
reported today is the last
official day and I'm over five
kilo lighter
alone and without the products of amag
I would watch that I do not
now it has to be done
or at least hold the weight
I made the snacks and
fate chur flexible in my
It is also possible to install an eating plan
By the way, a special program of the
Amateur the pros and if my weight
a magic yet again on the
At some point I wrote Schalke's ballet
simply an intensive program again 1
my conclusion the poor poet is really
easy to handle practically and at
me as she works great
all information to read and my
diary to listen to
Of course you will also find it again
online under he as two de